NMS-12794: Add support for metadata for threshold fields (#3150)
OpenNMS/opennms: opennms-doc/guide-admin/src/asciidoc/text/thresholds/thresholding.adoc

* Interface metadata
* Service metadata

> Metadata is also supported in Value, Rearm, Trigger fields for Single-DS and expression-based thresholds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata is also supported in Value, Re-arm, and Trigger fields for Single-DS and expression-based thresholds.
```

> For more information on metadata and how to define it, see link:metadata[Metadata].

Reviewer: The metadata link is broken.

Author: Guess I updated it right
